A simple plugin structure (#315)
iBridges-for-iRODS/iBridges-GUI: README.md

For Windows simply click on the file `output/ibridgesgui/ibridges_gui.exe`.

## Extending iBridges-GUI (for developers)

> iBridges-GUI suuports Plugins. You can create your own tab and it will be detected and run by the main application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
iBridges-GUI supports Plugins. You can create a plugin for your own tab and it will be detected and run by the main application when it is installed.
```

> Weprovide a small guide and template structure [here](https://github.com/iBridges-for-iRODS/ibridges-gui-tab-example).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We provide a small guide and template structure [here](https://github.com/iBridges-for-iRODS/ibridges-gui-tab-example).
```
